Additional fixes for PS 8.0.15-6 release notes (#3179)
percona/percona-server: doc/source/release-notes/Percona-Server-8.0.15-6.rst

- :table:`INFORMATION_SCHEMA.GLOBAL_TEMPORARY_TABLES` queries could crash if
  online ``ALTER TABLE`` was running in parallel. Bug fixed :psbug:`5566`.

> - setting :variable:`log_slow_verbosity` to a non-default value and enabling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- setting :variable:`log_slow_verbosity` to include `innodb` and enabling
```

  the :variable:`slow_query_log` could lead to a server crash. Bug fixed
  :psbug:`4933`.

> - :ref:`compression_dictionary` operations would result in an error under

Reviewer: They still result in an error, as they should be (the operations write and innodb-force-recovery make server read-only). The fix changed non-intuitive error message to a better one

Reviewer: compression_dictionary operations were not handled properly under innodb-force-recovery. Now they work correctly under innodb_force_recovery <= 2, and are forbidden with innodb_force_recovery >= 3 (needs editing for style)

Reviewer: comment not addressed

- long running ``ALTER TABLE ADD INDEX`` could cause a ``semaphore wait > 600``
  assertion. Bug fixed :psbug:`3410` (upstream :mysqlbug:`82940`).

> - system keys initialization wasn't thread safe. Bugs fixed :psbug:`5554`.

Reviewer: What keys? (probably keyring ones)
